This lady
I didn't see the lady and the young master.
If that's the case, I'll go back first. Okay.
Hey, Mr. Gu
I have brought you the gift you want.
That's right.
That day, I went to pick the money for the gift, and there were still those 3 hours.
You will reimburse me, right?
Turned around
Mr. Gu is domineering
See which color your son likes.
Pick one for him
So you asked me to buy two
There is one for Yoyo
Yes, doesn't your son also celebrate Children's Day?
He actually became a personal secretary
He also knew that he had a son
No, we can only make Chuanbao again.
Tired, eat something and put it here
Oh, right.
Stone said he especially likes the toys you gave him
Let me thank you for liking it.
Where is Secretary Li?
Oh, right.
I arranged for the stone to enter the Starlight International Kindergarten
Get him ready for class in a few days
I will definitely let him perform well
Don't embarrass the Gu family
Well, then you are busy first.
Remember to eat
Enter kindergarten
I found a good way to drive them away